# Loose set of notes, design ideas, models, etc.

## What is abr?

'abr' stands for [Aphasia](https://www.nidcd.nih.gov/health/aphasia) [Brain]() Repair - or that's the goal, to help fix aphasia related issues generated by multiple health problems, that in the end caused multiple concussions over time, as well as what I believe to have been a mini-stroke.

We are hoping that better understanding the issues will help us focus on therapies that can get a brain - hopefully mine too - back into servicable, working order, avoiding any "brain crash".

One goal of the project is to help build, rebuild and/or repair the thought-language, language-speech, and language-writing bridges in the brain.  


## Project Background

After a couple of concussions, and a mini-stroke, and many physical, concussion and speech therapy sessions, word searches were added to my treatment plan.

In parallel, my sister and I agreed to a trade, I would teach my nephew Marko some coding, in trade for my sister giving me piano lessons.  Since the start of some new medications, mid-summer 2022, it has started to be a little easier to move my fingers.  The hope is that piano practise will help re-train, and regain some fine motor control, as well as in brain related injury repair.

The plan is to teach Marko some very basic use of [Magicgui](), to create a little app to My plan for teaching basic GUI construction, to create a task and time tracking app, and/or possibly a catalogging app that could keep track of books, music, movies, or a specific collection of items.  In the process, I hope to give him a survey introduction to computer science, in a simaler yet simpler way as I did when I taught CS101 several years ago at a two year branch of a state college in New Mexico.  At the time, that course was based on the book: []().

Another goal is to use the creation and building of this app to teach Marko examples of programming techniques, python, magicgui, computer science principles, etc., enough that he should have no problem building his app, with little direction.  The CS101 course I taught was part lecture and part lab, and to start at lease, we'll follow that same model - me working on this project as an example of things he needs to do and/or could do to create his application project.  

Notes, lesson plans, resources, etc., for the teaching part of this project will be kept in the design/lesson-plans folder of this repository. 



To document about:

## The App

Adding content here, means the topic gets mirrored, described and content made for the [[design/README#Lesson Plans]] section

* Features
	* Word Searches
	* Object/Word Matching
		* Find the one that's different
		* Of two sets, find the one that is the same
			* Instead of only one - a list
		* Of two sets, find how many are the same
			* Instead of only one - a list
	* Randomly take words from various dictionaries
		* rainbow tables
		* number of words from a specific list
		* online official language dictionaries
		* dialect dictionaries
	* Configurability
		* word search direction
			* forwards/backwards
			* left to right
			* up and down
			* Pos incline
			* Neg incline
		* word length
		* word complexity
		* root words
		* prefixes
		* postfixes
		* grammar rules
		* font, font size and font mods
		* examples/documentation for each piece of configurability - no confuration makes release, with out associated documentation and testing
	* Timers
		* countdown
		* "5 minute warning" - configurable - multiple possible
		* Audio interaction with timers
 * Requirements
	 * Printing
		 * Ability to print clean puzzle
		 * Ability to print partially done puzzle
		 * Ability to print done puzzle
* Product Release Timeline
* Model/Design/Architecture


## Lesson Plans

* Survey of CS topics (plus that CS101 book)
* Don't add to "the app" section, without adding appropriate content to the Lesson Plans section

## Related topics that give anything in [[design/README#The App]] section meaning - each feature or requrement for a game must be tied to one of the "4XXX" tags.

These topics give meaning and background as to why this app is important, and how the "4XXX" tags 

* About Aphasia
* Learning how to learn
* Neuro-Plasticity
* philosophy during progress healing
* Taking advantage of the broken bridges - explore new possibilities

## People with these brain issues/problems that might find this app and/or content useful

* Victims of aging
* People who have had a mTBI, TBI, and/or multiple ones
* People with Dislexia
* People with ADD/ADHD
* People with other learning "disorders"

## The Journey (by quarter?  by month?)

## Scheduling

### Careful of:
* Intensity
* Length
* Content topic
* Weatther
* Accuacy of med management
* Atteniton to meal management

# Github References and/or Resources for Word Searches

Title | link
--- | ---
huntfx/wordsearch: N-dimensional wordsearch generator | https://github.com/huntfx/wordsearch
jensenpat/wordsearch: A classic word search game that you can play in your terminal. | https://github.com/jensenpat/wordsearch
johnbumgarner/wordhoard: This Python module can be used to obtain antonyms, synonyms, hypernyms, hyponyms, homophones and definitions. | https://github.com/johnbumgarner/wordhoard
Prem-Sinha/word-search-puzzle: A project to generate word search puzzles using Python | https://github.com/Prem-Sinha/word-search-puzzle
zhaqenl/wordsearch: Word Search in Python | https://github.com/zhaqenl/wordsearch
GamesAndPuzzles/WordSearch at main · twrogers1/GamesAndPuzzles | https://github.com/twrogers1/GamesAndPuzzles/tree/main/WordSearch
agmmnn/syn: 🌾 Get synonyms and antonyms of words from Thesaurus.com and other sources in your terminal, with rich output. | https://github.com/agmmnn/syn
concor/concor at main · gssbusinessgithub/concor | https://github.com/gssbusinessgithub/concor/tree/main/concor
OLZUP/Word-or-Name-Generator: Makes new words, New Slang, Baby names, Brand Names, Business Names, Names | https://github.com/OLZUP/Word-or-Name-Generator
Find a Word Search on Any Subject - Word Search Labs | https://wordsearchlabs.com/browse
abby2407/Data_Structures-and-Algorithms: Data Structures and Algorithms Questions solved in Python | https://github.com/abby2407/Data_Structures-and-Algorithms

